so a restaurant owner called the police
and said a customer had stolen a large
sum of money
when the police arrived the restaurant
security guard already had three
suspects
thomas said i was just walking along the
street i didn't even enter your
restaurant
dylan was angry i've never been to this
place before
i was sitting in my car when that guy
ran up to me and started throwing
accusations
john said i did visit the restaurant
yesterday
but i just came in to get a coffee and
didn't stay longer than five minutes
after listening to the suspects the
police arrested the thief
who was it
it was dylan his car was parked in the
place reserved for regular clients
but he claimed he'd never been to the
restaurant before
[Music]
harrison was walking home when someone
threw a bag over his head
and knocked the guy out when he came
around he found himself in a room with
four doors and a tiny window
harrison opened the window but it was
too small for him to squeeze through
suddenly the guy spotted a piece of
paper lying on the floor
it was a note that said only one door
leads outside
the other three don't lead anywhere you
can try to open just one door
and only once if you don't succeed all
of them will get locked forever
harrison thought for a while and made
the right choice
how did he figure it out
he opened the window this created a
draft
the guy checked the keyholes and felt
some cool air coming from one of them
it was the door to freedom
it was sunday morning when a submarine
captain found one of his sailors lying
unconscious on his bunk someone had hit
him on the head
it could only be another crew member the
captain had three suspects
mateo david and owen he questioned them
and that's what they said matteo i
couldn't do it
i was checking the equipment in the
machinery compartment
david when it happened i was washing
dishes left after dinner
owen at that moment i was busy posting a
new video on tick tock
who was lying
[Music]
it was owen people can't use the
internet for personal purposes on
submarines
leo studied art in college and rented an
apartment together with his friend
andrew leo had bad eyesight and was
wearing his glasses at all times one day
andrew didn't notice leo's glasses and
accidentally sat on them
they were beyond repair leo was so
furious
he shouted at his friend and andrew ran
away
leo called his girlfriend and asked her
to give him a lift to the optician
he couldn't drive without his glasses
they were turning onto the main road
when they spotted andrew
he was lying in the bushes unmoving leo
immediately called the police an
ambulance
andrew was taken to a hospital and a
police officer started to question the
witnesses
leo told him my girlfriend was behind
the wheel when i spotted andrew
we immediately stopped and called you we
didn't see anything suspicious
the police officer arrested leo why
with such poor eyesight and without
glasses how could he notice
andrew lying in the bushes
lily called the police she found her
neighbor a famous artist
on the floor of his apartment the
unconscious man was quickly rushed to a
hospital
the police had three suspects lily said
i lived next door i heard some shouting
and loud bangs
i went to check on what was going on and
found him on the floor
zachary told the police the artist was
his friend
we agreed to meet at the restaurant and
i came to give him a lift
and cooper said i ordered a painting
from it
but when i came to pick it up i saw the
police
who's guilty
it's zachary if they agreed to meet at
the restaurant
why did he come to the artist's
apartment
you wake up locked in a room with no
windows and just
one automatic door above the door
there's a large screen
suddenly it turns on you hear a voice it
sounds muffled
crack this riddle and you're free to go
if not
the room will be filled with toxic gas
in five minutes
after that you see the riddle what could
it mean
hopefully you'll realize in time that it
means
sitting on top of the world
look at these mirrors and say which one
is magical
it's the one the girl in the middle is
holding apparently
it helped her get rid of her mole
a businessman's about to go through a
security check at the airport
when he realizes someone's taken his
luggage
airport security officers have three
suspects
anna says she doesn't need someone's old
bag
she has her own thank you very much mike
answers
he's a light traveler and doesn't have
luggage he keeps everything in his
backpack
james says he's been in a car accident
recently his arm's broken and he has a
sprained ankle
he can hardly carry anything in no time
the security officers arrest the thief
can you figure out who it is
it's anna nobody told her the bag was
old
several police officers are following a
criminal he hid in a random house
when the officers entered the building
they saw a costume party was going on
and the criminal pretended to be one of
the guests
the police looked at the people and soon
figured out who the criminal was
how did they understand it
it's the man in the black cape unlike
other party goers
he seemed to throw on everything he had
at hand
iron man's helmet batman's cape and
hulk's pants
two young women disappeared one by one
in a small town
the police found an envelope with a
strange code in the first girl's
apartment
in the second woman's house they
discovered another envelope
this time with a weird table it was
empty
but several squares were darker than the
rest the detective suspects the girl who
will vanish
next might be madeleine melanie or
ariana
can you figure out which one it'll be
after studying the code and the table
the detective realized it would be
madeline
one day before a popular blogger
conference
the security of the building where it
was going to take place
got a strange message one of the
bloggers is going to be kidnapped
tomorrow
it'll either be monica or leslie it was
too late to cancel the whole thing
that's why the security officers decided
to keep a close eye on the girls
during the event the girls weren't
talking to anyone suspicious
everything and everyone looked perfectly
normal but suddenly
it became clear who was plotting against
one of the girls
can you figure it out
it was monica look at that rope in her
bag she was going to get rid of her
competitor
aaron was preparing for his test for
ages he was sure his answers were
correct
and he'd get an a but several days later
the teacher told the guy he wanted to
talk to him
it turned out aaron had made a tiny
mistake
and the professor couldn't give him the
highest mark but
the teacher said if you manage to solve
one riddle
i'll give you an a aaron wanted to have
a good mark
of course he agreed that's what his
teacher showed him
after thinking for several minutes aaron
answered and it was correct
what did he say
in between jobs
maria was walking home from work when
she heard screaming
it was coming from the house she was
passing by the girl immediately ran
in to help she followed the voice and it
brought her to the basement
as soon as she walked in the door
slammed shut
suddenly three portals opened in front
of her but only one of them led to
safety
the first portal was filled with giant
poisonous snakes
in the second portal there was a huge
suspended rock
it would crash down the moment someone
stepped in
in the third portal five hungry
crocodiles were waiting for maria
luckily the girl chose the safe portal
and managed to escape
which portal was it
[Music]
she picked the second one maria threw
her shoes inside
waited for the massive stone to drop and
then walked away
two men were playing chess they'd
already played five games
and each man had won three of them how
is it possible
the men were playing with different
opponents not with each other
sarah and liam had a son named oliver
on saturday the couple went out for
dinner and left oliver at home
when they returned the boy was nowhere
to be found
the anxious parents called the police a
detective arrived and questioned
everyone in the house the babysitter
said she'd been packing oliver's school
bag for the next day
the maid said she'd spent the whole
evening cleaning the kitchen
and the cook said he'd been preparing
food for the next day
he was listening to music and didn't
hear anything
the police immediately knew who was
lying and
what about you
it was the babysitter children don't go
to school on sundays
so oliver didn't need his school bag to
be packed